README.md, before:

### Description
A command line version of chess.
### Some Concepts
<ol>
  <li>Object Orientated Programming</li>
  <li>Composition</li>
  <li>Single Responsibility</li>
  <li>Using interfaces</li>
  <li>Test Driven Development</li>
</ol>

#### Running the game
You can also view the game here on [Replit](https://replit.com/@linkonsat/chess-4#.replit) . Please note certain files need to be tweaked but will be updated very soon! So give it a look!

### Prequisites 
Make sure you have the Ruby gem downloaded. Here is a good [guide](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-ruby-on-ubuntu-20-04/)
Make sure you have the RSpec gem downloaded as well. Which is as easy as 

~~~bash
gem install rspec
~~~

Next make sure you have git installed. Which you can find the guide [here](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
## Using Command Line
2. Clone the repository by running `git clone git@github.com:linkonsat/chess.git`
3. cd into the appropriate directory that contains the chess game.

~~~bash
cd <The directory here>
~~~

5. Ensure your on the directory location containing main_game.rb 
6. enter ruby main_game.rb in the console 

### Lessons
1. A appreciation of test driven development enabling you to test multiple versions
2. Design decisions with multiple objects interacting in such a way they don't break
3. thinking of design in terms of what messages are objects sending each other

Commit message:

Updated read me to reflect replit issues.

README.md, after:

### Description
A command line version of chess.
### Some Concepts
<ol>
  <li>Object Orientated Programming</li>
  <li>Composition</li>
  <li>Single Responsibility</li>
  <li>Using interfaces</li>
  <li>Test Driven Development</li>
</ol>

#### Running the game
You can also view the game here on [Replit](https://replit.com/@linkonsat/chess-4#.replit) . Please note that you cannot install gems such as msgpack in replit. You can play a game, but will not be able to save it. Therefore it is highly reccomended to simply clone the repository and install the appropriate gems to enable all features. Make sure to uncomment out msgpack in game.rb!

### Prequisites 
Make sure you have the Ruby gem downloaded. Here is a good [guide](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-ruby-on-ubuntu-20-04/)
Make sure you have the RSpec gem downloaded as well. Which is as easy as 

~~~bash
gem install rspec
~~~

Next make sure you have git installed. Which you can find the guide [here](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
## Using Command Line
2. Clone the repository by running `git clone git@github.com:linkonsat/chess.git`
3. cd into the appropriate directory that contains the chess game.

~~~bash
cd <The directory here>
~~~

5. Ensure your on the directory location containing main_game.rb 
6. enter ruby main_game.rb in the console 

### Lessons
1. A appreciation of test driven development enabling you to test multiple versions
2. Design decisions with multiple objects interacting in such a way they don't break
3. thinking of design in terms of what messages are objects sending each other
